Feature/featured posts (#208)
infinum/eightshift-frontend-libs: blocks/init/src/Blocks/custom/featured-categories-posts/docs/readme.md

# Featured Categories Posts Block

> Block used to provide an Featured Posts functionality. You can simply copy/paste this block to your project and rename it to your new block needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Block used to provide featured posts functionality. You can simply copy/paste this block to your project and rename parts of it to fit your project (text domain mostly).
```
